This is the question the Belorizonts have been asking since last week when
the former chief minister of the civil house dilma rousseff
he lived in an interview that the daily average
it was clear in saying that there is no known project at the federal level
to the Belo Horizonte subway
the mayor is telling me precisely
of this project now the country is at their discretion because we are
now opening in april
will last from April to June the process of selection to and present project
why these investments and we think it is fundamental because
We are prioritizing the metropolitan region.
because
was in the metropolitan regions
investments in Brazil created the biggest problems on this
subject nobody better than josé lucio group
already the superintendent of the myth of cbtu time
to give us an answer
after imbroglio
the people want to know I will not not projects for subway expansion
since we are talking about the last World Cup in 2014 and this should be a
the priorities is certainly the former Minister Dilma
referred to the definitive project of line 2 that three is complete
the truck and has already been defined
this line from the west and the barreiro to the hospitals of creek 3
Pampulha Wallista was dancing to the local while the minister fourteen million
for the conclusion of this skolkovo project the contract with the designer company was
resumed
and an observation must be made
here in the barrier section until the caulk is the same as the barrier there is one hundred
project 30 years ago by the original subway project
this slice is already segregated, several appropriations were then made
for the World Cup would be possible to allocate resources needed to
fit within 30 years ago do not make any some budget
but I believe that for the world cup I would give you adjusted project including
do the works I give of this stretch of surface that the other prisoners
underground trains that are the subject of the contract that I
would take longer and maybe this is
but what is the timeline?
what we talk a lot the project can do is possible
It will work out better
at the time of kicking the goal does not appear the attacker
in fact the federal government occurs in the pac 2 of mobility 18 billion and even
which was not opened in the account but we do not know about the 18 billion
with this question
if we stop, but for beautiful horizon
so we can not say the cut or they will have to give the goal
that I can say that technically if there are resources of the order of less than 1
billion of 700 million can make line 2 of the
with there are also substations up to the world cup plus time urges
said if there is a vote on the refusals for just this year's entry
project start the immediate works and quotes what is the deadline to finalize
sound of the projects of presentation of the disc
so that we can have at least an idea of ​​when this project work
completed and the fault the term has taken shape the contract of 20 three more months
we play in practice but let's try
the press the track designer in a maximum of 12 months of experience
course
at - designed finished
he would say team back to the barreiros stretch would be easier than it is a
project is not part of this disagreement of this agreement and may be
adjusted if there is political will and the gas pipeline thanks to the
at the age of 12 he is the superintendent of cbtu
here are less days reporter carla rodeiro
more than
two years, itatiaia organized several meetings for the sole purpose of
to discover
exactly
How many steps are there?
expansion of our natal
representatives of Bega attended the meetings
secretary of state for transportation
be yourself or the mayor
of the community of federal deputies
state councilors
from the first moment it became clear that the purpose was only to discover
where was the expansion of our subway
that's what they needed to come
the allocations of funds the projects the biddings of works it
works illustrating this uncomfortable situation
several years ago
of a subway that is just a subway subway that does not grow
meets the needs of the city and much less the metropolitan region
how it should be
Very well.
we got nowhere
only projections own pretensions
opponents
promises dreams dreams
speeches
and nothing else
came the reality of which has with her
the realization that a beautiful horizon would have to run with his mentor to
be one of the headquarters
from the 2014 World Cup
that
Leveraging our subway
finally
at least they were
what was thought
why until the last of the meetings that we did the only thing that
we can even discover here the expansion of our mentor walks
immersed in immense doubts in several controversies and to complete is
that's what we just heard
the subway may
could it be who quit maybe we'll see let's cheer let's wait with a little
of political will can be
most probably undoubtedly we should have
who knows
There is only one definite thing
combined I decided to resort to 0 only one concrete thing
rest assured that
the expansion of the breathalyzer
it's a lot of 1,700
just like the ones with the meetings we did
full of hope for a referral a
something that has dragged on for decades
and does not leave the plane of the assumptions
in between
Have a good day, everyone.